TRAIL SDK EVALUATION LICENSE AGREEMENT

THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAINED HEREIN CONSTITUTE A LEGAL AGREEMENT. THIS
AGREEMENT (“AGREEMENT”) CONTAINS THE ENTIRE AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU LICENSEE
("YOU") AND Trail Games AB (“Trail”) WITH RESPECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
DESCRIBED HEREIN. READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. BY DOWNLOADING/INSTALLING THE
PRODUCT, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT (1) YOU ARE AUTHORIZED TO ENTER THIS AGREEMENT FOR
AND ON BEHALF OF YOUR COMPANY, AND ARE DOING SO, AND (2) YOU HAVE READ AND
UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU AND THE COMPANY SHALL BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS AND ALL MODIFICATIONS AND ADDITIONS PROVIDED FOR.

1. License Grant. Trail grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable
license to use, for evaluation/non-production purposes only, the Trail software
program, known as the Trail SDK (the “Software”) and related product
documentation at no charge subject to the terms and restrictions set forth in
this License Agreement. You are not permitted to use the Software in any manner
not expressly authorized by this License. You acknowledge and agree that
ownership of the Software and all subsequent copies thereof regardless of the
form or media are held by Trail.

2. Term of Agreement. Your license is effective until 2020-12-31 or otherwise
when terminated by Trail (at Trail’s sole discretion and without notice). The
License will terminate automatically if you fail to comply with any of the
limitations or other requirements described herein. At termination you shall
cease all use of the Software and destroy all copies, full or partial of the
Software.

3. Ownership Rights. The Software and related documentation are protected by
Sweden copyright laws and international treaties. Trail, third party component
providers and open source component providers own and retain all right, title
and interest in and to the Software and related documentation, including all
copyrights, patents, trade secret rights, trademarks and other intellectual
property rights therein.

4. Use of Name and Trademarks. You shall not use the name, trade names or
trademarks of Trail or any of its affiliates in any advertising, promotional
literature or any other material, whether in written, electronic or other form.

5. You grant to Trail a royalty-free, worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual,
sublicensable, transferable license to use or incorporate into the Software any
suggestions, ideas, error corrections, resolutions, improvements,
enhancement requests, feedback, recommendations or other information that
you provide to Trail relating to the Software.

6.Restrictions.

(A) You may not rent, lease, lend or sublicense the Software. 

(B) You may not redistribute the Software except when uploading it to Trail's
digital distribution platform using the Trail software program known as the
Trail CLI.

(C) You may not copy the Software except to make archival or backup copies,
provided that the backup copy must include all copyright or other proprietary
notices contained on the original. 

(D) You may not copy the related product documentation.

(E) You may not modify, reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the
Software, except to the extent the foregoing restriction is expressly prohibited
by applicable law.

7. Exclusion of Warranties. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED TO LICENSEE “AS IS”, AND
ANY USE BY LICENSEE OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE AT LICENSEE’S SOLE RISK. TRAIL MAKES
NO WARRANTIES RELATING TO THE SOFTWARE AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

8. Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL TRAIL BE LIABLE FOR ANY
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, BUSINESS
INTERRUPTON OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED
TO YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE TRAIL SOFTWARE, HOWEVER CAUSED, REGARDLESS
OF THE THEORY OF LIABILTY (CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) AND EVEN IF TRAIL HAS
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

9. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and be
governed by the laws of Sweden without reference to its conflicts of laws
principles. The application of the United Nations Convention of Contracts for
the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded.

10. Assignment/Transfers. You may not assign or transfer this Agreement, in whole
or in part, without Trail’s prior written consent. Any attempted assignment or
transfer in violation of this Section will be null and void.

11. Third Party Acknowledgements. Aspects of the Software utilize or include
third party software and other copyrighted material. Acknowledgements, licensing
terms and disclaimers for such material are available in the ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
file provided with the Software.

12. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, illegal or
unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of any of the remaining
provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way be affected or impaired.

13. Entire Agreement. This Agreement is the entire agreement between you and
Trail concerning the Software and all related documentation and supersedes any
other prior or contemporaneous agreements or communications with respect to the
Software and related documentation, whether written or oral.

Copyright (c) 2017-2020 Trail Games AB
All rights reserved.
